# Crowgarden - DISPUTED TERRITORY - Dawnline Shore // August 5017U
Operation Rainfall has begun. Given the green light by both Karrakin monarchy and the Union Central Commitee, a joint Union and Baronic fleet hovers over the planet, and following an unanswered ultimatum, is ready to deal out death and judgement to the ruling houses below. 

Invasion fleets soar across the empty skies, now filled with flak and fire from the defending forces. Battles rage out across the planet's surface, warfare unseen in this sector of space since the Distal War. Troops disembark to a fortified surface, ones much more developed and advanced than seen elsewhere in the shore. Initial Planetary bombardments, though fracturing and destroying many defensive structures, were inneffective against the personell who were able to retreat underground, only to emerge and harry the advancing forces.

Following the initial landfall, our Lancers are deployed from their reserve status to aid in the assault on an unnamed command center, fortified in northern region of the expiditionary force's range of operation. Linking up with the Federal Guard troops that made landfall and were unable to continue their advance, the groups together assaulted the position and expelled the defenders after a pitched battle.

After gathering information from the command center, it became clear that the reason for the sudden increase in defensive posture and the advancement of a mercenary force to the position was due to unextracted assets at the time of the invasion. Though thurough, the mercenary group was still in the process of their job when they were assaulted. Unable to complete their goals, several pieces of information and clues remain below.

After rescuing and Aunic survivor and clearing the structure of hostile mercenary forces, the Lancers come face to face with their first truly Baronic enemies: a trio of house company mechs, ready and waiting to greet them in the traditional Baronic way.

Defeating the ambush from unknown Baronic mechs underground, the Lancers continued their investigation into the research station they spent so many resources to prevent from falling into enemy hands. They learn more about the uncanny secrets hidden within, and discovor from their new Aunic companion that these mechs belonged to the House of Bone. Following a general meeting of leaders, the Joint Invasion Force decides to move out for the lands of the House of Bone and assault their stronghold. In the meantime, the Lancers find themselves privy to a traditional, if mysterious, Baronic passtime: they have Tator readings, and decide to take upon them bonds; contracts struck with higher powers known as passions. Is it real, or just religious folly? Only time will tell.
Upon leaving and investigating rumors, they stumble upon some horrific ivssage, a metalic man, shambling through the roads, before succumbing to a magical mave of tiredness.

Now, having set out to smash the House of Bone's defenses, the Lancers find themselves the unwitting victims of a trap by unknown forces.
